alright let's go see how it looks today
I can't even see everything so white
we're getting buried but what's uncool
is what's going on outside Jesus
everything is covered in snow it's
snowing so bad Thank You lucky stars if
you're warm someone said before i live
in Silent Hill you would think right now
long with the video
hey whats up youtube digital soul here
like a light snow man for real right but
i'm going to do a little different today
I don't really have any games to review
I do have that lord of the rings
conquest game and me and my son are
playing it if you're an avid gamer this
is a renter I'm just going to get that
out right now if you're playing games by
yourself this is a renter if you got a
friend you like some button mashing hash
and hack and slash hash then you might
want to check this game out me and my
son are having a good time with it I
can't complain but I want to talk about
is what's happening in February besides
februari faith morgan our little
resident evil download yeah you xbox 360
users God already and yes I do have a
piece of paper and that is one eva put
because i want to talk about some stuff
on the tenth of februari a game that i'm
going to be getting that me and my son
are going to play very much his house of
the dead overkill with a little weed gun
zappers back I mean I I got two and
three and you know we play it all the
time we love it your hand gets tired
after while you walk away from it but
it's winning arcade-style games that if
you had that arcade system sitting over
there in the corner of your house and
you didn't have two recorders in and you
know I'm saying you're gonna go over and
play it once in la see what's up well
that's what this game is if he's ever
really rowdy and wants to do some stuff
will go shoot some zombies that way
hasta the dead overkill is going to be
our next game also on the tenth of
februari fear two comes out and yes i
have downloaded the demo digital picture
if you can't see that's why sit way over
here on one side so i could utilize all
this all that but uh fear to is coming
out now i've downloaded the demo from
the PlayStation Store and this game is
phenomenal this game is coming out for
the playstation 3 and xbox 360 on the
same day so that's going to be cool um
you know people I just liked when both
sides of defense can play a game and
instead of oh oh it looks a little bit
better on this one and all man
you know that it's fine you know
whatever whatever there's no reason to
argue about nothing except for exclusive
titles and we'd roll over them I
probably wouldn't get an xbox 360
because I'm not that fond of the control
scheme and also because you know you
know and I'm not dog in the system
because if I didn't have my other
systems I would own one that's all I got
to say but it's been at for a while now
and maybe one the next generation of
Xbox comes out I'll check it out and see
what's up but also for the playstation 3
and xbox 360 is a game called X blades
it's a little girl it looks a little
cell shaded anime she's in a string
bikini running around killing stuff a
little bit i heard the game plays a
little bit like a devil may cry but um I
don't think that I'm getting this one I
mean I don't need to see a digital image
and skimpy clothes to do it for me if
you know what I'm saying also talking
about zombies on the twenty-fourth of
februari dead risings coming on a game
that was on the xbox 360 and not the ps3
but it's coming out for the way and
thank God that my son was one because
there's a couple games that I could plan
away yet people to a kid games using it
it's fun too there's some fun games on
her and he's having a good time that's
why i own a wii for my son so he can
play his godzilla game that he loves but
there's other stuff coming out too and
dead rising running through a mall
hacking hundreds of zombies of course
it's not going to get as many zombies on
screen as the 360 could at one time but
i heard there can be up to one hundred
and one time and that's pretty flavorful
for me if you know what I'm saying and
then on yeah I'm peak and Don what is it
the 27th we have killzone 2 coming at
for the ps3 and xbox 360 this is the
game that has me on the fence and what I
mean by that I mean am I going to want
that many shooters at one time should I
get and this is a section you know what
i'm going to do let me let's make a
segment
hi that's a sentiment should I get this
or that should I get fear to which
honestly I didn't like fear one that
much everybody was like oh you gotta try
fear I didn't like it but fear too I'm
digging it because it it looks a little
bit like condemned to me bloodshot you
know what I'm saying condemned to and
condemned to was fun for me and that's
what fear to reminds me of a little bit
so I'm up in the air between killzone 2
or fear to your decision in the next two
games that I'm on the wall about this is
something that I'm going to get in the
very very near future so I need your
help please i'm looking to get either
silent hill homecoming or alone in the
dark inferno i did a review on alone in
the dark inferno a while back because i
played the demo and i keep going back
and playing it but I've never got the
touch silent hill homecoming yet and I'm
just wondering if it were you and you
were going to the video game store and
you had a choice between only silent
hill homecoming and alone in the dark
inferno which one would you get help me
hide because I need a little bit of help
man alright so that's been video game
Wednesday sorry wasn't a review but I
was just you know trying to get your
opinion I want you guys to write below
and help me out man because there's some
games that I'm on the fence about and I
rich so I you know I need to get this
and get day but until then I'll see you
Friday with something different it's
digital so and i'll see you next time i
oh god I'm never safe oh hi
oh never state oh wow